reference here.
We're going to learn some of the string operations there,
like,
you know,
case conversion.
I mean,
lower to upper,
upper to lower any string into title.
Former are making capitalize something like that.
Okay,
let me weapon my someone takes or you don't.
So there's here.
I'm going to you.
You can use anything.
OK,
but I'm using sublime texture.
The Viet let me first to give you a name for that by pressing simply control s So let's
stop then.
Under our territory.
Let me create a case conversion operations on strings.
Not the way that's it.
Right,
You guys,
I'm going to defend a string.
Call my string.
You can take anything.
Okay?
I'm going to write something like fight on scripting.
No,
let me bring the first.
I was string badly.
Whatever you have,
see the output.
Yes,
You are getting no ways.
I want to convert my entire string in the lower kiss.
Nothing is there simply dot Lower operation on your string,
not lower oppression.
What?
I want to convert my entire string into upper case letters.
See the output on After performing these two operations,
I want to bring to my string as well See the output.
So here you have to understand one thing.
Whatever the operations you're performing on,
it was streamed with the dot right?
They don't modify.
You were a virginal string that way because off start prince treatment you're getting your
or dancing by conscripting with PNDs only capital even though in second line your
performing your string dot lower on third line by your performing upper they don't Marty
for you.
What orginal spring.
That's why strings are called immutable Once.
If you define your strength,
you cannot change the part off your strength.
Only we know that.
How did we have seen that,
right,
Fine,
I suppose If you want to capture after performing the lower case letter or upper performing
urine testing in the upper,
you can start this operation result into some very well let's say my string in lower case
only lower any available you can take.
But I'm taking this one.
That's it.
Right now in judo printing my sting God,
lower case already We're done on your variable.
We perform lower operation and we store the result into this variable not print this
variable and see the airport let me come in these two lines and after your own put you
already.
We heard him,
right.
See the airport?
That's it.
Right?
So there's as off.
No,
we have seen lower and upper operations on your given string.
But how?
You know,
how many operations are there any given strain?
Like See,
let me simply weapon my common line and let me enter into my potential.
Simply defined any variable called any string.
I'm simply run.
Bring the a year off your X variable.
So the air is the helping world for us to list out all the operations which are available
on your given strength because you're Exodus String because you can randomly assigned some
string to some variable X or any variable on on that variable.
If you perform simply D a r off eggs,
it will do the available operations on your given string.
There are so many,
right?
So I will go with step by step.
So now we have seen this is upper operation on some very whole lower operation here.
Your lower operation.
No,
you're something called Swept Case Ideal.
Capitalize.
Let me go with the slap case.
Right.
This trap case is nothing but directly.
I'm going to print your result.
He was string dot Simply swap case CEO After the last,
I would put what you're getting lower case and upper upper case into lower.
That's it.
But once I can't remember that whatever you are performing daughter operation that is not
going to disturb your original strain only while printing it is modifying.
So if you want to capture for swap kiss reserved,
you can store this result into some variable like your second line.
Right?
So this is what guests No guys,
I want to bring my string in terms off cap title Former So title is nothing Back printing
each and every letter off a word.
Starting letter off each and every word in terms off capital.
So already we hold year capitalist led Mary This is small letters by Dan Skipping tutorials
.
No,
you fire under script and see the output for last print statement.
You're getting P Capital s capital t capital because you are converting your given string
into title.
Former fighting for money is nothing Bird each on nobody's each in each and every word.
The starting letters should be capital.
That's what we are doing with the help off title.
Right?
Then capitalize.
Let me give you Let me take one more string called my new string You can take anything I'm
taking Simplest Moeller despite on scripting So that is I want boot Make my string in terms
off Capitalize Former right See,
capitalize for money is nothing But after the old political understand only the starting a
letter in a given string You are making it as it.
Yeah,
but that's a that is the former off calculate,
right,
Capitalize Fine.
So,
guys,
these are the some of the operations on your given strings to convert one case toe Other
case or swept case are ideal or capitalize.
Right?
So there isn't enough for you were,
you know,
lower.
You can also perform one more operation called I will do one thing only for lower or upper
.
You don't know whether given Sting is there in lower case r Berkus.
But the thing is,
you want a gun work?
You were enticed ring like swept kiss.
Let me do one thing Case of fold Bring.
You are new string dot case fall another that would put what you're getting My new sting.
Yeah,
I Commander the right.
Let me enable this my new string where it is.
Yeah,
Instead of my news thing,
I would want my string variable.
Anything you cannot play on any string.
Right?
Abdel?
Output.
Right.
So you are converting your enticing even the late Monday here.
Capitalists,
Something called G.
Any ending the modification?
See the output?
What you're getting right.
You're getting all in terms off.
Lower case.
Fine.
So injured off lower operation.
You can also perform.
Case fooled.
Right,
Fine.
So there's these.
Are these some of the operations to convert the world strings from one case to other case?
Right.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
Thank you for watching this,
will you?